Creating a git develop branch
You can list all of your current branches like this:

git branch -a
This shows all of the local and remote branches. Assuming you only have a single master branch, you'd see the following:

* master
  remotes/origin/master
The * means the current branch.

To create a new branch named develop, use the following command:

git checkout -b develop
The -b flag creates the branch. Listing the branches now should show:

* develop
  master
  remotes/origin/master
Changing branches
You shouldn't commit anything directly to the master branch. Instead do all your work on the develop branch and then merge develop into master whenever you have a new public release.

You are already in your develop branch, but if you weren't, the way to switch is as follows:

git checkout develop
That's the same way you create a branch but without the -b.

Making changes on develop
When making changes, add and commit as usual:

git add .
git commit -m "whatever"
The first time you push to your remote do it like so:

git push -u origin develop
The -u flag stands for --set-upstream. After the first time you only need to do it like this:

git push
Merging develop to master
Once your develop is ready to merge into master you can do it like so:

First switch to your local master branch:

git checkout master
To merge develop into master do the following:

git merge develop
Then push the changes in local master to the remote master:

git push
Done.

Deleting a branch
If you don't need the develop branch anymore, or you just want to delete it and start over, you can do the following:

Delete the remote develop branch:

git push -d origin develop
Then delete the local branch:

git branch -d develop
The -d means delete.
-----------------
Feature making
----------------
We create the feature:
git checkout -b feature/thename

*make changes

We add the changes and confirm with the commit:
git add .
git commit -m "the changes"

We return to the develop branch:
git checkout develop

We add the changes of the feature:
git merge feature/thename

We upload the develop:
git push